Goal: Get most if not all game components implemented

Zombie Behaviour: Zombie Behaviour could use a mjor remapping, at moment it works with visual cues indicating imporoper behaviour from zombies.

BarrierObject: barrier now has states in order to track condition the barrier is in. taking advantage of the state system i allowed player to change state from broken to fully build to reset barrier attributes to implement player rebuilding barrier. the change of states is being done in player script but its an on collision method which i did not see the need to change.

Costs: in PLayer script there is now a variable counting currency. with amount of currency collected by killing zombies, player can build door($15) or buy new weapon($150) cuurently broken(weapon implementaion)

Weapon Implementaion: the biggest new feature is the weapon system for player. now player can switch between weapons given with "Q" and "E". the weapons each have different shooting pattern and player can select each one and shoot but as of right now the player HAS all the weapons. currently working on system for player to purchase new weapon instead.  

UPDATE:

ReMapped the weapon and Weapon inventory system (TO NOTE: Weapon inventory could potentially be a seperate class following the seperation of concerns pattern if need to expand on the system) but
a scriptable Object script has been created allowing for 3 weapons with different data set to be instansatited from single instance following the lightweight stretagy tho there was probably not much differnce.

continuing with the currency idea player cant no longer switch weapons as pleases but has to buy weapons with currency earned through buy store.

with the introduction of menu's such as buy menu there was no need for player to hold reference to when menu shuld open os i created another script to follow the separation of concern stretagy and have a seperate class deal with when each menu should open(buy menu and main menu) alonf with UI elements that runn in the background.IE tracking currency.

